hey whats up guys Jamie here from snake
hunters TV I'm going to introduce you to
something that me and Kristin came up
with that we're going to start doing on
our channel called showcase sunday where
we take our time to show you one of our
favorite YouTube channels or someone we
support we really that support is very
important rather than he and each other
we should all be working together and by
hate she means all the negative comments
and feedback that people get other
YouTube channels I mean we're just out
there trying to make videos for everyone
to enjoy and i hate when i run across
comic people bashing each other I mean
let's just work together not everyone's
perfect some people don't keep reptiles
the same as others maybe help them out
instead of bashing and just I just
believe there's too much negative
controls out there just doing it for fun
in today's showcase is one of my
favorite girls on YouTube she goes by
the name of snazzy Nikki she is smart
pretty and very knowledgeable about
reptiles let's check her out
so that was our showcase profile on me
you guys should support her and go over
and subscribe to our YouTube channel
thanks so now I want to show you a new
pet I rescued from the road I beg my dad
to keep it because I knew it was going
to get hit by a car
this is a snapping turtle they're known
to be aggressive but since this one is a
baby I think we contain that while it
goes
you